Add note clarifying Jackson GMM in virtual platform documentation (#38560)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/how-to/dependency-management/how_to_align_dependency_versions.adoc

In this case, Gradle builds the platform **dynamically** based on the modules being used.
For this, you must define <<component_metadata_rules.adoc#component-metadata-rules,**component metadata rules**>>:

[NOTE]
====

> Some libraries, such as Jackson, now publish Gradle Module Metadata that includes version alignment information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some libraries, such as Jackson, publish Gradle Module Metadata that references a platform BOM (`jackson-bom` in Jackson's case), which aligns their module versions automatically.
```

This means Gradle can automatically align their module versions without any manual configuration.

> The Jackson-based virtual platform example shown below is for illustration only; the virtual platform approach remains essential for libraries that do not publish such metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jackson-based virtual platform example shown below is for illustration only.
The virtual platform approach remains essential for libraries that do not publish such metadata.
```
